Google Reader Notes - Lielle
https://www.google.com/reader/view/user/-/state/com.google/created?at=HwI5NBL9DAmV_H3CJtAkXg#stream/user%2F15717223158626035103%2Fstate%2Fcom.google%2Fcreated


Oct 28, 2011
-Mommy,today at the gan I wanted to sit next to Noya
-Yes?
-But Netanel didn't let me.
-Why didn't he let you?
-Because he wanted to sit next to me.
-Netanel wanted to sit next to you?
-Yes, he always wants to sit next to me. It's becoming a problem!

That is one tough 3-year-old girl...


Aug 2, 2011
Mommy: "I love you Lielle! Come here, I want to squeeze you!"
Lielle: "אמא, אני לא תפוז !"
LOL:)

July 4, 2011
אמא, היום נתנאל אמר: ברוך אתה ה אלוהינו מלך העולם, שליאל

Jun 11, 2011
-Papa, read me the story of Prudence.
-No. Tonight I want to read you another story.
-If you don't read me the story of Prudence, I will cry so loud that you won't hear anything !

So young, and already she understands blackmail....oy vey!

May 19, 2011
This morning, after jumping around...
ליאל: אבא ראית? אני קופצת
אבא: Oui, comme un grenouille
ליאל: אבל זה לא כמו צפרדע, זה בכאילו. ואתה לא יכול כי זה רק קטנים ואבא גדול עד לשמיים
אבא: :) :) :)

Sunday 24.04.22011
Mommy: "Lielle, ou sont tes chaussettes?" (In French, although Mommy usually speaks English)
Lielle: "Mommy, ata mebulbal!"

Mar 29, 2011
Last Saturday night, upon going to bed after another Shabat spent eating too much.
Lielle: Papa?
Papa: Yes Lielle?
Lielle: What's in your belly? Is it a baby?
Papa: HUMMFFFFF......

January 1st 2011
-Papa, come play with me !
-I'm doing the dishes, I'll come afterwards.
-Come play ! Mommy do the dishes...

November 2010
Friday back from the gan at noon....
"O Shoot ! I forgot to sleep at the gan !"

October 2010
Once again, Mommy didn't let me have my way.... "Ooof... Ima lo maskima le shumdavar !"

September 2010
Barukh ata adonai, eloheynu melekh haolam, boreh peri hamayim :)

Aug 19, 2010
Today I peed in the potty for the first time ! I still like the diaper better, it easier to play with :)

Apr 9, 2010
The other day I was watching the episode where Barbapapa goes to the doctor to see why he is sad.
So I told Mommy: "Barbapapa sad, go to Dr Fine!"

Apr 9, 2010
I miss Orly. She used to pinch my cheeks and say "Kapara!" Today I tried to get Papa to do it. First I pinched my cheeks and said "Kapara!". That made Papa laugh. Then I pointed to my left cheek and said "Papa too" and he pinched my cheek and said "Kapara", but he only pinched the left cheek. So I pointed to the right cheek and said "also!". Papa thought I made a funny :)

Apr 9, 2010
For pessah I learned how to sing "Ma nishtana halayla hazeh mikol haleilot?"
But if Papa thinks I'm gonna sing it in public he's got another thing coming...

Apr 9, 2010
The other day Mommy was cleaning for pessah and she took out the kiddush cups, so I let her know I was interested.
I told her "Kiddush, amen, more wine!!" :p

Aprt 9, 2010
I figured out something. When I call Papa, he doesn't always come. But when Mommy calls him "Uri, Uri!", he suddenly appears.
Today I tested my theory: first I called "Papa! Papa!" and he didn't come. So I called out "Uri! Uri!" and voila! he appeared :)

Feb 16, 2010
Every night, I brush my teeth with Papa. He puts me on the counter, then I pick up his toothbrush (it's green), then I pick up my toothbrush and we brush our teeth together. Mommy also has a toothbrush. It's the same as Papa but pink. I also have this game when I'm tired of brushing my teeth: I take Papa's toothbrush, and Mommy's toothbrush, and I make them kiss :)

Feb 16, 2010
The other day I tried something new before Papa put me to bed: I grabbed him by the ears, and I pulled his head, and I kissed him smack on the lips ! And yes uncle Manu, I might be a baby but I know what you want to spell...

Feb 16, 2010
I figured it out ! The window where I can see myself is called "Look at me !"

Feb 16, 2010
Lately, I've learned that "Buki" (short for Hibuki) is a hug. I also learned that the space between my legs is called "vagin". But when he prepared me for the bath, I don't think Papa expected me to say "buki vagin !" and to blow kisses at it....

Feb16, 2010
This month I learned to climb the ladder at the park; it's so much fun ! Now I can go on the big slides, WEEEEE!

Feb 16, 2010
New words I've been saying this month:
la manche
kova
sirop (I like it :))
toda Papa !

Feb 16, 2010
More news from the past month. 
I saw these penguins at Granpa's & Grandma's, and they were dancing, it was really funny :)
So when I got back home, I started jumping around and tapping with my feet and yelling "Happy Feet ! Happy Feet !" Papa couldn't stop laughing :)

Feb 16, 2010
Hi Everyone ! I know I haven't written in a while, my Papa's been lazy on top of going to Rome (wherever that is...).
Anyway, I'm back to let you know what I've been doing for the past month and so:
-I went to the park with Mommy the other day and there was this baby crying there and it seemed like his mother didn't know what he wanted, so I turned to Mommy and I told her: "Bayit, Ayef !"
-After that, Mommy spent so much time on the phone with Grandma, and I wanted to talk to her, so I said "Halas Mommy, Halas !"

Dec 25, 2009
Today Mommy let me watch the teletubbies, so I told them "Ahlan Teletubbies!" She cracked up. Did I say something funny?

Dec 25, 2009
Last week was Hanuka, I learned some new things:
1. At Hanuka we light candles, lots of them, we put them in this thing called a Hanukia. When Papa says we're going to light the candles, I run and get him his Kippa. The difficult part is getting him to come down so I can put it on top of his head.
2. When we're done with the candles, Mommy goes into the work room and comes out with a present. It's magic ! I tried going myself but I can't see any presents. It only works when Mommy goes :(
3. One of my presents was a basketball hoop. I put Winnie through it and then I go tadaaa! It's fun :)
4. I also got something that Papa calls a toupie, at the gan they call it a Vivon, Mommy calls it a drrrdl or something like that. It spins.
5. When I go to bed, I say "Bye bye bougies !" Papa laughed. What? Am I not supposed to say good night to the candles?
I can't wait for Hanuka to come back so we can light more candles...

Friday 04.12.2009
Tonight we went to Grandpa and Grandma for Shabat. After kiddush, everybody looked busy so I tried to sneak the kiddush cup off the table. I almost had it when Papa noticed and asked Mommy to take it away. So close ! I can still feel my fingers on it.

Friday 04.12.2009
Today I tried something new. I stole a chocolate wrapper from Papa and smelled it; it felt gooooood :)
Let me show you how it goes: "Choclit... Sniiiifffff... Aaaaaaah!"

Thursday 03.12.2009
Tonight we went to Eli's wedding. On the way there the traffic was bumper to bumper, and between the bumper to bumper motion and heat, I just had to puke all over myself. It was scary at first, but seeing Mommy and Papa running all around to clean up was kinda funny. Anyway, after they were all done and they put me back in the car, I just had to let them know what happened: "Lielle... car... baaaaaaa"

Thursday 19.11.2009
Tonight Papa made dinner. This is unusual enough for me to write about it ;) But what was really fun was how excited Mommy was when I came to get her and said "Mommy...come....eat" :)

Wednesday 18.11.2009
Today I fell on my head, it hurt. So Mommy kissed it and I felt better. Later Varda called, so of course I had to tell her about it, it went something like this:
"Floor...boom....Mommy...kiss....all done !"
After I was done talking to Varda, the phone rang again, you'd think all Mommy does is talk on the phone. So when she answered it I went "AGAIN !?"

Monday 05.10.2009
Today they took me to the doctor's. She used this stick to check in my mouth, I don't like it. But after she was done she gave it to me. So while they weren't paying attention I took the kangaroo and I used the stick to check his mouth. There, see how YOU like it !
Later when we got home I said "Je t'aime Mommy !" for the first time, it made her reaaaaaaally happy, maybe she'll give me some chocolate :p

Wednesday 22.09.2009
I said something new again, and Mommy and Papa got all excited. I swear, all I need to do is say something and I make their day :) Today it was "Mommy... Papa... Lielle !"
After that, I was on my way to the living room to drink my milk when I took off my PJs on my own and ran down the hallway in my diaper WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! This is fun !

Thursday 17.09.2009
I'm on a roll this week, I think today I scored major points with Papa, I took the phone when Mommy called him at work and I told him "Je t'aime Papa !"

Tuesday 15.09.2009
This morning Papa left for work like everyday to my dismay, so I said "Papa...car...uhoh!" Mommy laughed, I'll have to try that again when she tries to feed me ;)
During the day Mommy said it was a special day for Papa and she taught me something new to say to him. When he came back from work I said "Appy ... Bithday !!"

Friday 11.09.2009
Today, Mommy and Papa tried taking my hair away, but I didn't let them. I kept shaking my head until they stopped. But they did manage to get some of it, I'll have to ask Mommy what she did with it, she probably saved it in an envelope somewhere.

Hi everyone! Papa's doing his best to keep me away from the computer lately, so I haven't been able to write in a while, but here I am, and I've been saving notes for you. 
Tuesday 08.09.2009
Today I discovered a neat trick. Sometimes, Papa will hug Mommy while he holds me in his arms, I think they call that a group hug. Well, I discovered I can push their heads together with my hands, and when I do that, their lips meet, it makes a funny sound :)

Wednesday 02.09.2009
Today, Mommy and I went to work with Papa. We left the house together with him, and we all got into the car and we drove to this fun place with a lot of games. Is this where Papa comes everyday? Why didn't he take me before? Anyway, at first, it was just me and the toys, but then I discovered there were people INSIDE! Lots of other babies running around and crying, Mommy calls it a "Gan". After I went in Papa left, so I guess this isn't where he goes every day after all. Since I didn't know why all the other babies were crying, I sat on the couch and took all the stuffies... There were other Mommies there that my Mommy called "Gananot". They all kept calling me "Metuka", is that my new name? I'll have to ask Mommy about this. After we got home and I woke up from my nap, I had to tell Mommy about my day, so I showed her what all the other babies were doing. I went "Eeeeemmaaaaaa, boohoohoohooohooo" and then I laughed. I hope Mommy understood...

Monday 31.08.2009
Today I tried a new trick. Mommy was feeding me soup, but what I really wanted to eat was the pasta in my plate. I really had to do something to get the spoon away so I could stuff the pasta in my mouth. Once that is done, I'm safe; Mommy never tries to feed me when my mouth is full. So I pointed to the wall and I went "Ohhhh!!", like OopsyDaisy does in the night garden. And it worked! Mommy turned her head to see what I was pointing at, and I quickly put the pasta in my mouth! I'll have to remember that trick...

Thursday 20.08.2009
This morning morning caught me red-handed. While she was getting dressed, I sneaked out to the living room, put on some classical music and I danced with the big white bear my great-grandma got me. He's just the right size for us to hug when we dance. I don't know if I'm gonna do it again though, Mommy laughed at us when she found us...

Monday 17.08.2009
Today in the bath, I told Papa what those things at the end of my feet are. I grabbed one of them and I said "toe". For some reason it didn't look new to him, but he did seem pretty impressed :)

Monday 17.08.2009
Today I found a great hat in the bathroom. It's a bit big but it's fun. What I can't figure out is why Mommy keeps putting clothes in it...

Monday 17.08.2009
Today I put the Baby Genius DVD, and started dancing on the carpet. I especially like the song where they dance in a circle and fall, I think it's called "Ring Around The Rosie". I dance in circles too and I try to fall down together with them, but it's so difficult to know when they're gonna fall ! I keep falling too soon :(

Friday 14.08.2009
Today Mommy and Papa took me to a store called GRIP.
It's so much fun ! They have big red shoes with pointy heels, and salsa music, but best of all they have mirrors everywhere.
And every mirror I went to there was this girl, she was so pretty I had to kiss her. I don't know why but Papa thought it was funny...

Thursday 13.08.2009
Today I almost tricked Papa.
I was trying to close the door to Papa and Mommy's room but Papa wouldn't let me.
So I went into my room and started dancing on the carpet, the one with Winne and Piglet on it.
After a while, Papa came to see what I was doing. The moment he stepped into my room, I ran past him all the way into his room and tried to shut the door behind me. But somehow Papa came through the door too fast, you'd think he was reading my mind...

Wednesday 12.08.2009
Daddy was rubbing Mommy's back and she was screaming like it hurt her.
So I took his hand away and stopped him. Mommy should thank me !

Thursday 06.08.2009
Today I showed Papa how well I play the harmonica :)
He thinks it's the first time...

Wednesday 05.04.2009
Today I put Winnie in the trunk of the Bimba and asked Mommy "Ou Winnie?"
And Mommy asked me back "Where is Winnie?", she feels like she needs to ask me everything in English ;)
So anyway, I answered, "In the car!", it seemed to get her really excited :)

Tuesday 04.08.2009
Daddy was trying to feed me this sandwich, and I really had better things to do, like you know, playing with Winne and stuff.
So I gave him this look like "Daddy, do I really have to spell it out for you?", then I took the piece he was handing me, I took the plastic bag with the rest of the sandwich that was lying on the table, and I stuffed the piece back in the bag before putting it back on the table. That will show him !

